# Meeting Minutes 9/27/2020

Team name: Disc Finders

Members present: Timothy Beler, Corey Moura

Date: 9/27/2020

Time: 2 - 3pm

Second meeting as a team regarding project workload, technology required, and what interface to use. 

## Discussion points: 

- Requirements for the project and maintaining our scope to something achievable
    - Whether or not we should have a GUI for this application or just have a simple LED flicker as we approach the signal
- The difference between approaching this by developing an android application first or something through Adriuno. Main concern being the time limit we have for the development and the future of the application.
    - Essentially where do we want this project to eventually end up and are we adding more unnecessary work into the development
- Third item
    - Indented item
    - Indented item
- Fourth item	


## Goals for next week (include responsibilities)

- Complete the group assignment
- Record the minutes into the proper place
- Determine the technology we’ll be using and communicate that with the group. 
- Determine what environment will we be developing in to work with that technology
- Contact the professor and determine: 
    - If the project’s scope is doable
    - If the technology is capable of
    - What is expected for a finished project
    - If we’re at a good stage in our project or behind
-Look up and determine if the following will be a significant issue:
Back splatter (RFID term describing unreliability of signals)
Cost

